```
Setting up Express with ES6 and Babel
https://codebrains.io/setting-up-express-with-es6-and-babel/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-using-babel/?ref=rp

How to add JWT Authentication to an Express API with Passport and ES6
https://codebrains.io/add-jwt-authentication-to-an-express-api-with-passport-and-es6/

Stateful React Components with Typescript
https://codebrains.io/stateful-react-components-with-typescript/

React TypeScript: Basics and Best Practices
https://blog.bitsrc.io/react-typescript-cheetsheet-2b6fa2cecfe2

Protects your state object from mutations
https://itnext.io/how-to-properly-define-state-in-react-components-47544eb4c15d

TypeScript and React: Setup 
https://fettblog.eu/typescript-react/getting-started/
https://fettblog.eu/typescript-react/components/
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/reactjs-proptypes/

File uploading in React.js
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/file-uploading-in-react-js/?ref=leftbar-rightbar

Controlled Form
UnControlled Form
Typescript Form
Formik Form

Statefull Component 
Stateless Component

Stateful vs. Stateless Functional Components in React

formdata-in-typescript
https://dev.to/deciduously/formdata-in-typescript-24cl

React TypeScript Hooks: Form validation with Formik, Yup, and Material-UI
https://www.heady.io/blog/react-typescript-hooks-form-validation-with-formik-yup-and-material-ui

Creating forms in React in 2020
https://blog.logrocket.com/forms-in-react-in-2020/

React & Typescript - #4 Forms and Submits
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kg-stzmtflo

Building a React Form Component with TypeScript: Validation
https://www.carlrippon.com/building-a-react-form-component-with-typescript-validation/?utm_source=dormosheio&utm_campaign=dormosheio

Introducing React Hook Form
https://wanago.io/2020/10/05/forms-react-hook-form-typescript/

Getting started with React Hook Form with TypeScript
https://www.carlrippon.com/
https://www.carlrippon.com/getting-started-with-react-hook-form-with-typeScript/
https://www.carlrippon.com/building-super-simple-react-form-component-typescript-basics/

React TypeScript onSubmit e.preventDefault() not working
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/56562153/react-typescript-onsubmit-e-preventdefault-not-working/56562229


How to get form data on submit in ReactJS
https://linguinecode.com/post/how-to-get-form-data-on-submit-in-reactjs

Typescript React.Js File Upload Event Ts2322 Error
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/50641491/typescript-react-js-file-upload-event-ts2322-error

TypeScript Form preventDefault on Submit
https://codepen.io/WebReflection/pen/GXOrmY?editors=1010

React Typescript Material UI Form
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6VmVYi9yrAA

Dockerizing a basic Node.js/Nest.js application
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/dockerizing-a-nestjs-nodejs-app-d440762d98a4

Building a Survey Forms App with GraphQL
https://dgraph.io/blog/post/surveyo-into/

Build React forms based on GraphQL APIs.
https://blog.usejournal.com/build-react-forms-based-on-graphql-apis-7e3acb1f91d7

typescript-react-apollo
https://hasura.io/learn/graphql/typescript-react-apollo/mutations-variables/4-mapping-types/

Easy and readable React/GraphQL/Node/Formik Stack â€” Part 4
https://medium.com/scropt-com/easy-and-readable-react-graphql-node-stack-part-4-57ed758a3ecc

How to use GraphQL in React using hooks
https://www.nearform.com/blog/how-to-use-graphql-in-react-using-hooks/

howtographql
https://www.howtographql.com/react-apollo/3-mutations-creating-links/

howtographql / react-apollo  -- Mutation for button click 
https://github.com/howtographql/react-apollo/blob/master/src/components/CreateLink.js
https://github.com/howtographql/react-apollo

Tutorial: GraphQL Mutations with React - Add item List 
https://www.apollographql.com/blog/react-graphql-tutorial-mutations-764d7ec23c15/
Mutations: Creating Links
https://www.howtographql.com/react-apollo/3-mutations-creating-links/

gist.github
https://gist.github.com/paulkoerbitz/8f98a27d5b66d518964a

Properly typing Apollo Mutation render prop for onClick handler
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/53702877/properly-typing-apollo-mutation-render-prop-for-onclick-handler

Build React forms based on GraphQL APIs.
https://blog.usejournal.com/build-react-forms-based-on-graphql-apis-7e3acb1f91d7

Migrating to Typescript; Stateless and Stateful Components
https://medium.com/@tom_parsons/migrating-to-typescript-stateless-and-stateful-components-b19aaae8cfdc

Typescript input onchange event.target.value
https://stackoverflow.com/questions/40676343/typescript-input-onchange-event-target-value

Getting Started with React + TypeScript
https://medium.com/javascript-in-plain-english/react-typescript-813b02ff3672
https://medium.com/@bretcameron/a-quick-guide-to-react-with-typescript-313fccd9ad89

react-typescript-cheatsheet
https://react-typescript-cheatsheet.netlify.app/docs/basic/getting-started/class_components/

typescriptlang
https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs/handbook/babel-with-typescript.html

-----
React.lazy - Code Splitting Your React App
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Uj8vTPUxXHI

Walkthrough: Preventing SQL Injections in MySQL and NodeJS
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-jHxXRJ073k


Typescript & Stripe & Mail: 
https://www.youtube.com/c/Covalence-io/videos


https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cSUbdR8p3hU
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3pS-oRn9LTk
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2TGvdAVE43o
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dsjYeQ_JxlY
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qqjm_9yUlLE

Walkthrough: Taking Payments with Stripe (Express Backend)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rFmZtobVB1k

Walkthrough: Taking Payments with Stripe (React Frontend)
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dEahSdI7p7M


React Stripe Elements Package (NEW 2020) + Charging Stripe in Node Full stack tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=WTUYem2IxLA

Stripe Payment Gateway - Easy 2 Excel 
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL0CyZKPJn9TNNdh2L04zNBAj8_gXJ82pn


Create a Customer
Create Payment
Make Payment
Save a Card
How to get Saved Card
Delete a Card
Make Payment Using Existing Card
Payment Request Integration

Displaying Lists in React and JSX
https://scotch.io/starters/react/handling-lists-in-react-jsx

The First Signs of Alcoholic Liver Damage Are Not in the Liver
https://elemental.medium.com/the-first-signs-of-alcoholic-liver-cirrhosis-are-not-in-the-liver-2634b3968f00
https://medium.com/

Typescript React 

https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=react+typescript+ben+awad

React Typescript Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z5iWr6Srsj8
https://github.com/benawad/typescript-generic-example

Typescript Generics Tutorial
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nViEqpgwxHE




React Forms - DOM api : 
https://medium.com/@everdimension/how-to-handle-forms-with-just-react-ac066c48bd4f

Controlled Forms in React
https://medium.com/byte-sized-react/controlled-forms-in-react-68e59362a119

Building a React Form Component with TypeScript: The Basics
https://www.carlrippon.com/building-super-simple-react-form-component-typescript-basics/
```
